README.md, before:

Dependencies (prisma db, react map)
npm install prisma tsx @types/pg --save-dev
npm install @prisma/client @prisma/adapter-pg dotenv pg
npm install react-map-gl react-icons --save

brew services start postgresql
brew services stop postgresql@14


npx prisma migrate dev --name init
npx prisma generate
npx prisma db seed
npx prisma studio

npx prisma migrate reset

API : 
weather : free
mapbox : 50k free after pay
ratp : free
gold and silver : free

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.



ex button
   <button type="button" class="text-gray-900 bg-white hover:bg-gray-100 border border-gray-200 focus:ring-4 focus:outline-none focus:ring-gray-100 font-medium rounded-lg text-sm px-5 py-2.5 text-center inline-flex items-center dark:focus:ring-gray-600 dark:bg-gray-800 dark:border-gray-700 dark:text-white dark:hover:bg-gray-700 me-2 mb-2">
Connect with MetaMask
</button>

Commit message:

update config for vercel depl

README.md, after:

First deployment of my blog with NextJs and Vercel

Dependencies (prisma db, react map)
npm install prisma tsx @types/pg --save-dev
npm install @prisma/client @prisma/adapter-pg dotenv pg
npm install react-map-gl react-icons --save
npm install yahoo-finance2

brew services start postgresql
brew services stop postgresql@14


npx prisma migrate dev --name init
npx prisma generate
npx prisma db seed
npx prisma studio

npx prisma migrate reset

API : 
weather : free
mapbox : 50k free after pay
ratp : free
gold and silver : free

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.
